# portfolio-prep

Belief + Action = Growth.

Hi I'm Lacey Washington a junior software developer and future Googler.

Before I decided to take this leap faith into becoming a software developer I worked primarily in the medical field as a pharmacy technician working as inpatient tech. I fell into a roll of microbiologist tech after the Covid-19 pandemic. It was hard for us all but personally, it changed my perspective of this countries medical system, and how I view my time. I had to make the change tech because I needed to be in a career that would better support me and family in this inflated economy and handle a schedule that was flexible but work was still challenging enough I stayed stimulated and engaged. Through some random encounters on youtube and some research, I found out about coding and Software Development. Developers.... are kind of like modern day wizards. like You can create some new tech sorcery that at its most typical level make life more convenient, and entertaining; and at its most enlightened, literally save lives.Its both cool and feels almost esoteric. Ideally I want to be in a environment that prioritizes creativity and innovation so for me that's google to start but, I'm new so I am open to what ever job opportunities that will help me grow as a developer and reach higher knowledge in computer science. Because I am a firm believer in a growth mindset and gaining knowledge from those around me. and use there successes as motivation and inspiration for my personal growth and empowering those around me to reach there own personal goals.

I hope to hit the ground running into a tech after graduating so i be apart of the magic that makes the lives of the people in my community easier and be of service to the world I live in. what excites me most about the tech industry and computer science is that it is constantly developing growing and trying to be better than it was 10 years or even 1 year ago it is in all aspects a true science that most people take for granted.
